Fix for issue #1491 - Monkeypatching example out of date (#1492)
astropy/astroquery: docs/testing.rst

            mp = request.getfixturevalue("monkeypatch")
        except AttributeError:  # pytest < 3
            mp = request.getfuncargvalue("monkeypatch")
        mp.setattr(requests.Session, 'request', get_mockreturn)
        return mp

> This function, when called, changes the `requests.get` method (i.e., the ``get``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function, when called, changes the `requests.Session`'s `request` method 
```
need a little change in the prose too
